Summary
-------

Keras is a library in Python.

It is a library for building deep learning models. 

Keras runs on top of Theano and Tensor flow. 

In machine learning a artificial neuron is an object modeled after a biological neuron. 

A group of artificial neurons is called a neural network. 

Rows are observations. 

Columns are features. 

That thing we are trying to predict is a target variable. 

The data we are going to use to build our model is called training data. 

A very simple neural network has inputs, a hidden layer and outputs. 

When we are working with machine learning models it's important to remember they speak numbers. 

A deep learning model is one with more than one hidden layer. 


An random seed is created for reproducability. 
In supervised machine learning we use a data set. 
An array is an object that holds stuff. 
An array in Python only holds numbers. 
Keep in mind that a Python array starts at 0. 
We often use an array to hold our data set and to define our target variable. 
model = Sequential is how we define our model. 
There are layers of neurons inside that Sequential box that define our neural network. 
A dense layer is a classic fully connected neural network layer : each input node is connected to each output node.
The purpose of the activation function is to introduce non-linearity into the network
Another way to think of it: without a non-linear activation function in the network, a NN, no matter how many layers it had, would behave just like a single-layer perceptron, because summing these layers would give you just another linear function.
When we compile our models we use either theano or TensorFlow under the hood for efficient numerical computations. 
Training a network simply means find the best set of weights to make predictions for our problems. 
Log loss penalizes false classifications. 
While minimizing log loss we maximize the accuracy of our classifier. 
An intuitive explanation from an application standpoint is to note that in machine learning cross-entropy is used to predict class probabilities, and MSE to predict values. For example, to predict if a house will be bough by someone over 40 years or below 40 you use cross-entropy. But if you try to predict the age of the buyer, you use MSE
